Updated language in docs for global UI project (#6461)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/bigquery-qs.md

3. Create a service account key for your new project from the [Service accounts page](https://console.cloud.google.com/iam-admin/serviceaccounts?walkthrough_id=iam--create-service-account-keys&start_index=1#step_index=1). For more information, refer to [Create a service account key](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/creating-managing-service-account-keys#creating) in the Google Cloud docs. When downloading the JSON file, make sure to use a filename you can easily remember. For example, `dbt-user-creds.json`. For security reasons, dbt Labs recommends that you protect this JSON file like you would your identity credentials; for example, don't check the JSON file into your version control software.

## Connect dbt Cloud to BigQuery​

> 1. Create a new project in [dbt Cloud](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses). Navigate to **Account settings** (by going to your account name in the left side menu), and click **+ New Project**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new project in [dbt Cloud](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses). Navigate to **Account settings** (by clicking on your account name in the left side menu), and click **+ New Project**.
```
